Add doc for installing stackdriver metrics. (#520)
knative/docs: serving/installing-logging-metrics-traces.md

# Monitoring, Logging and Tracing Installation

Knative Serving offers three different monitoring setups:

> [Elasticsearch and Kibana for logging, Prometheus and Grafana for metrics Setup](#elasticsearch-and-kibana-for-logging--prometheus-and-grafana-for-metrics-setup), [Stackdriver for logging, Prometheus & Grafana for metrics Setup](#stackdriver-for-logging--prometheus--grafana-for-metrics-setup), or [Stackdriver for both logging and metrics](#stackdriver-for-both-logging-and-metrics).

Reviewer: Im trying to reauthor all my edits in #447 to accommodate all the changes in 0.2.0 (including the updates here) and have a few questions.

1. Is it possible to achieve these installation options by using the `monitoring-*.yaml` files that we have listed on the [serving release page](https://github.com/knative/serving/releases)? Would this instead the recommended method (using the listed install packages)?

2. Ive tested `monitoring.yaml` file and found that it installed the ELK stack. Is there an install package for Stackdriver? 

3. If you install `monitoring.yaml`, is it correct that all you need to run is following to get "Stackdriver observability plugin"? 
`kubectl delete       -f third_party/config/monitoring/logging/elasticsearch \
     -f config/monitoring/logging/elasticsearch

Reviewer: Moving questions about using *.yaml files to #613

>    git checkout v0.2.0

Reviewer 2: Can we make this point to the release like the install doc does, instead of requiring the user to checkout the repo?

Author: Done

   public image [k8s.gcr.io/fluentd-elasticsearch:v2.0.4](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/cluster/addons/fluentd-elasticsearch/fluentd-es-image).
   Or you can create a custom one and upload the image to a container registry
   which your cluster has read access to.
2. Follow the instructions in
   ["Setting up a logging plugin"](setting-up-a-logging-plugin.md#Configuring)
   to configure the Elasticsearch components settings.

> 3. Install Knative monitoring components by running the following command from the root directory of

Reviewer: Install (and uninstall) package questions: 

Is this just:

`kubectl apply -f https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/monitoring.yaml`

Then the uninstall steps would simply be:

`kubectl delete -f https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.2.2/monitoring.yaml`

Reviewer: Moving questions about using *.yaml files to #613

   1. Update *metrics.backend-destination* to be stackdriver in [config-observability.yaml](https://github.com/knative/serving/blob/388f98a0a4bb6799ecf174aafc768098890e6cba/config/config-observability.yaml#L92).
   2. Run:

    ```shell
    kubectl apply -R -f config/monitoring/100-namespace.yaml \
    -f config/config-observability.yaml \
    -f config/monitoring/logging/stackdriver \
    -f config/monitoring/metrics/stackdriver \
    -f config/monitoring/tracing/zipkin
    ```

To include **Istio metrics**, such as request count and request latency, you'll need to install Istio 1.0.4 or later.

To include **[Kubernetes metrics](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_other#other-kubernetes.io)** if Knative is deployed to GKE, create a Kubernetes cluster on GKE with [Stackdriver Kubernetes Monitoring](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-monitoring/) feature:

<pre>
    gcloud <b>beta</b> container clusters create $CLUSTER_NAME \
      --zone=$CLUSTER_ZONE \
      --cluster-version=latest \
      --machine-type=n1-standard-4 \

>       --enable-autoscaling --min-nodes=1 --max-nodes=10 \

Reviewer 3: I would remove any unnecessary parameters from this and only point out the minimum required set as well as parameters specific to enabling kubernetes monitoring.

Author: Done.

     ```

  CTRL+C to exit watch.

## Stackdriver for both logging and metrics in GKE

You can enable Stackdriver in the GCP project by following [this](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/workspaces/guide#single-project-ws).
When Knative is deployed to GKE, you can choose to send both logging and metrics to Stackdriver backend. To have a complete monitoring experience, follow these steps:

> 1. To have [Kubernetes metrics](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_other#other-kubernetes.io), create a Kubernetes cluster on GKE with [Stackdriver Kubernetes Monitoring](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-monitoring/) feature:

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should be talking about gcloud / GKE here. How would I enable this if I was running Knative somewhere else? Would you still be able to use Stackdriver?

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's unavoidable?

Author: Maybe I should describe stackdriver metrics in general, but specialize this section for GKE only.

    <pre>
    gcloud <b>beta</b> container clusters create $CLUSTER_NAME \
      --zone=$CLUSTER_ZONE \
      --cluster-version=latest \
      --machine-type=n1-standard-4 \
      --enable-autoscaling --min-nodes=1 --max-nodes=10 \
      --enable-autorepair \
      <b>--enable-stackdriver-kubernetes \</b>
      --scopes=service-control,service-management,compute-rw,storage-ro,cloud-platform,logging-write,monitoring-write,pubsub,datastore \
      --num-nodes=3
    </pre>

> 2. To have Istio mesh metrics including request count, request latencies, use Istio OSS 1.0.4 or Istio addon 1.0.3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. To include Istio metrics, such as request count and request latency, you'll need to install Istio 1.0.4 or later.
```

Author: Done

3. To have Knative system metrics, 

>    1. Update *metrics.backend-destination* to be stackdriver in [config-observability.yaml](https://github.com/knative/serving/blob/388f98a0a4bb6799ecf174aafc768098890e6cba/config/config-observability.yaml#L92).

Reviewer 2: Can we include in the release something like "stackdriver-logging&monitoring.yaml" that puts everything together and does this, so we don't make our end users manually patch files and apply them all together?

>    2. Run:

Author: @yanweiguo This command works for metrics, could you please try it for logs?
